.\" Manpage for our shell
.\" Contact juandiegoalejandro@hotmail.com - omarma@outlook.es in to correct errors or typos.
.TH shell "15 APR 2019" "0.1" "Our Shell man page"
.SH NAME
     command interpreter (shell)
.SH SYNOPSIS
 COMMAND [ARGUMENT]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The shell is a command that reads lines from either a file or the terminal,
interprets them, and generally executes other commands.It incorporates many feat
ures to aid interactive use and has the advantage that the interpretative language 
is common to both interactive and non-interactive use (shell scripts).  That is, 
commands can be typed directly to the running shell or can be put into a file and
the file can be executed directly by the shell.
The shell interprets the words it reads according to a language, the specificati
on of which is outside the scope of this man page
.SH Path Search
     When locating a command, the shell first looks to see if it has a shell
     function by that name.  Then it looks for a builtin command by that name.
     If a builtin command is not found, one of two things happen:

     1.   Command names containing a slash are simply executed without perform‐
          ing any searches.

     2.   The shell searches each entry in PATH in turn for the command.  The
          value of the PATH variable should be a series of entries separated by
          colons.  Each entry consists of a directory name.  The current direc‐
          tory may be indicated implicitly by an empty directory name, or
          explicitly by a single period.
.SH Command Exit Status
     Each command has an exit status that can influence the behaviour of other
     shell commands.  The paradigm is that a command exits with zero for normal
     or success, and non-zero for failure, error, or a false indication.  The
     man page for each command should indicate the various exit codes and what
     they mean.  Additionally, the builtin commands return exit codes, as does
     an executed shell function.

     If a command consists entirely of variable assignments then the exit status
     of the command is that of the last command substitution if any, otherwise
     0.

.SH echo [-n] args...
    Print the arguments on the standard output, separated by spaces.
    Unless the -n option is present, a newline is output following the
    arguments.

.SH exit [exitstatus]
    Terminate the shell process.  If exitstatus is given it is used as
    the exit status of the shell; otherwise the exit status of the pre‐
    ceding command is used.

.SH  pwd [-LP]
    builtin command remembers what the current directory is rather than
    recomputing it each time.  This makes it faster.  However, if the
    current directory is renamed, the builtin version of pwd will con‐
    tinue to print the old name for the directory.  The -P option causes
    the physical value of the current working directory to be shown,
    that is, all symbolic links are resolved to their respective values.
    The -L option turns off the effect of any preceding -P options.


.SH AUTHOR
Written by Juan Valencia and Omar Martínez Bermúdez